docs: Add README to lms/templates/oauth2_provider (#27682)
edx/edx-platform: lms/templates/oauth2_provider/README.rst

Django Oauth Toolkit Templates
------------------------------

This Django app exists solely to provide a home for the ``authorize.html`` template. This overrides the default version of the template defined in the ``django-oauth-toolkit`` library.

In an ideal world, this template would live in the ``oauth_dispatch`` djangoapp along with our other oauth2 code. Unfortunately, due to `the way that Django's app_directories loader works`_, we cannot put this template

> in ``oauth_dispatch``, because the `template defined in django-oauth-toolkit`_ will take precedence over the one in ``oauth_dispatch``. The library must be defined first in ``INSTALLED_APPS``.

Reviewer: @dianakhuang Nit: I missed one line break.  I was trying to remove those.

Django Oauth Toolkit Templates
------------------------------

> In an ideal world, these templates would live in the ``oauth_dispatch`` djangoapp along
> with our other oauth2 code. Unfortunately, this template is defined within the
> ``django-oauth-toolkit`` library, which also defines its own version of the template.
> 
> Due to `the way that Django's app_directories loader works`_, we cannot put this template
> in ``oauth_dispatch``, becuase the `template defined in the library`_ will take precendence
> over the one in ``oauth_dispatch``. The library must be defined first in ``INSTALLED_APPS``.

Reviewer: Changes in this suggestion:
* Updated intro to explain the purpose of the directory before detailing why it needs to be this way.
* Adjusted the following paragraph to work with the above change.
* A couple of type fixes.
* Change "the library" to "django-oauth-toolkit" in the link.

```suggestion
This Django app exists solely to provide a home for the ``authorize.html`` template. This overrides the default version of the template defined in the ``django-oauth-toolkit`` library.

In an ideal world, this template would live in the ``oauth_dispatch`` djangoapp along with our other oauth2 code. Unfortunately, due to `the way that Django's app_directories loader works`_, we cannot put this template
in ``oauth_dispatch``, because the `template defined in django-oauth-toolkit`_ will take precedence over the one in ``oauth_dispatch``. The library must be defined first in ``INSTALLED_APPS``.
```

So until we find another solution, this template will continue to live here.

.. _the way that Django's app_directories loader works: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/2.2/ref/templates/api/#django.template.loaders.app_directories.Loader

> .. _template defined in the library: https://github.com/jazzband/django-oauth-toolkit/blob/master/oauth2_provider/templates/oauth2_provider/authorize.html

Reviewer: Paired with a nit inside the other change:
```suggestion
.. _template defined in the django-oauth-toolkit: https://github.com/jazzband/django-oauth-toolkit/blob/master/oauth2_provider/templates/oauth2_provider/authorize.html
```
